hello folks I just thought I'd do a
quick video on there simply it's been
running through my head they're
primarily since very recent post on the
fall and about if you had the money had
won't mind doing a / gx270 you know
direct drive configuration then had the
means and the money he was a titanium
frame and there's much weight soon as
possible to get a much more powerful
direct drive engine the paramotor have
pretty much the same way to what the the
objects 201 was which is about to 27
kilograms dry obviously with the benefit
of any more first so I also discussed in
this particular posting on the forum
that I could use as well as using the
moussaka 36-inch pop again I can use the
old fan blades off the old egg monster
as you can see here but to use a shorter
blades which 90 centimeter diameter
which will make an accent to be down at
the fam I just marked on there that's
rather than that sent me to mark would
be so it would be sure to not return a
bit more rpm to get the same out of such
as the egg monster so a little bit more
horsepower to play with or very similar
does it be winning a little bit higher
I got over a slightly better pitch on
the shorter blades so all this chopping
out and did hope I won't be necessary in
the shoulder blades because the entire
length of the blade will be the right
pitch as of the egg monster low pitch
setting to get the RPM up this portion
of the blade was actually negative so
this in the early stage of the egg
monster this much of the pot wasn't
generating interest at all and I was
only about 30 kilo gums the first that's
why I dropped all this down and I didn't
get really good fussed with this it's
2007 giraffe game on the egg monster
which is a floatie 800 grams of thirst
so not bad off the tool by propeller
really takes the fan I'm not really
designed for this work so anyway I'm
babbling on now so I thought well yes if
too big if I did have the money they
decide to ever mess around with the
gx270 then wait would be a massive issue
and this full ballon the fundraisers
puppy a good couple of kilos there and
it was held on the egg monster with this
steel hub assembly it's just a tape a
lock it's difficult to tell
that's a bit of a taper its not parallel
the top and the bottom it'll connect but
I can't quite tell it just just sits in
there and then when you got it lined up
you put a couple of grub screws in turn
it down and you just forces just force
it to pinch on the shaft of the engineer
when you were quite well the the monster
just sat on like that and also anyone
said i did have this car tub machine
specifically for playing around with so
a lot the shoulders were machined off in
the original took a lot further each of
the spokes with a separate hole I had
these machine down and then sent
photometer bolt circle as well as the 50
made me too dammit a circle for the
konig type cop outfit of the cement the
nice wooden submit to proper outfitted
thought what I did do with the start
building the 3dr the Bailey we draw
objects 200 engine hood on the initial
alloy frame which are quickly abandoned
I tried this fan assembly and to give me
the clearance from these cups that hold
the blades in I'm hitting the the bell
at the drive belt I used some of these
engine mounts just again without
clearance
you might see one of the videos of the
month both fit their nuts there Nate
North red so I up to I'm 48 to drill
these out from six month white male
bought the good thing is we do decide to
go the jicks 270 it should be a national
fit these because initially few minutes
ago or look to these in there just
assume these all eight milk these holes
are machined in try to fix together put
an 80 ml bolt through the hole and then
into into this and it won't having it so
i got the older rule about and these are
about an eye on seven mil sauce thinking
like why order will have these machines
seven mil does it make sense then I
thought era maybe I asked him to milic
to whether it is six points 80 / is to
tap a thread into it an eight mile
thread so then the miata journeys at
eight mil I've could then tap these up
to eight mil another to choose another
bolt and going straight through not on
the end I could just bolt straight into
that which will be nice so
maybe I'm system this is because it
weighs it down slightly less what steel
hub since on aluminium it's probably cut
the 300 grams with us well of the kilo
so yeah that's me been babbling on for
five minutes so ya can wake up now I've
finished so there you go I'll see you
later this quick update of their tapped
out eight more thread in all the holes
and son spokes
they're just tested it so you ll have
eggs
makes me lighter than using the
steel hood so there you go
oh if you got a particularly long shaft
it were mrs. you could fit it that way
around
just having the fan blade assembly just
a little bit close to the engine reduce
the overhanging weight pulling down just
that way around looks a bit nice availa
just a shame the gaming machine it for
me this machine moved on the machine
waist up to test this boy a favor to
engineers just see this machine goes
that it's quite good that way around i
think so that's it for me bubbling on
today anyway so i'll catch you later
you